MathFlare Terms of Service(ToS)

Your privacy is important to us. It is MathFlare's Co. Ltd. policy to respect your privacy and comply with any applicable law and regulation regarding any personal information we may collect about you, including across our website, https://www.mathflare.xyz, and other sites we own and operate.

This policy is effective as of 20 April 2021 and was last updated on 20 July 2021.
Important Notice

We rely on 3rd party software such as Human Captcha(hcaptcha) and Postmail for functionality and protection. By using our website you know knowingly agree to their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use as well.
Information We Collect

We do not collect any information from you or your activity across our website.
Security of Your Personal Information

Since we do not collect or process any of your personal information, you don't have to worry about the security of your personal information
Children’s Privacy

We do aim our product at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13 or about anyone
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties

We do not knowingly disclose your personal information to anyone
Use of Cookies

We use “cookies” to locally store information about your activity across our site inside your browser. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit.
Limits of Our Policy

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Changes to This Policy

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy.

If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information.
Contact Us

For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:

Damian Katsios
hello@dkatsios.tk

Sarantis Moutsatsos
saradis.m06@gmail.com

MathFlare Co. Ltd.
mathflare@dkatsios.tk